A gleaming white Audi Q3 Sportback TFSI e stands in a sunlit courtyard
surrounded by contemporary white buildings with large glass windows.
Trees provide natural shade. The vehicle faces slightly toward camera.
The camera moves to show the distinctive front end. The large octagonal
Singleframe grille features a black honeycomb mesh pattern. The license
plate reads IN-Q 307 E, indicating Ingolstadt registration. The quattro
emblem is visible on the grille's lower edge.
Close-up on the Matrix LED headlight assembly. The headlight is active,
emitting a crisp white light. The lens shows intricate LED arrays for
adaptive beam technology. Chrome and black accents frame the unit.
Detail shot of a front wheel. The multi-spoke alloy wheel design creates
a turbine-like pattern. Through the spokes, a vivid red brake caliper
is visible against the silver brake disc. The Audi four rings emblem
centers the wheel hub.
The view shifts to the rear three-quarter angle. The sportback roofline
slopes elegantly toward the rear spoiler. A full-width LED light bar
connects the tail lights across the tailgate. The E TRON badging
indicates the plug-in hybrid powertrain.
Close examination of the tailgate. The iconic Audi four rings logo is
prominently centered. Below, the Q3 model designation appears in chrome
lettering. The tail light features darkened lens with internal LED
elements creating an arrow-shaped light signature.
Extreme close-up of the right tail light. The geometric LED pattern
shows three horizontal segments with diagonal arrow elements pointing
outward. A thin red strip runs along the bottom edge. Tree reflections
dance across the glossy surface.
Interior view from behind the front seats. The S line sport seats are
upholstered in black leather with contrasting stitching. Deep side
bolsters wrap around for lateral support. Integrated headrests display
subtle Q3 embossing. The rear seats are visible in similar black leather.
Alternate interior angle showing both front seats. The driver's seat
displays an embossed S logo on the backrest, denoting the sport package.
The center console rises between the seats. Natural light enters through
the panoramic sunroof overhead.
Dashboard and cockpit view. The flat-bottom steering wheel features the
Audi four rings. Behind it, the Audi virtual cockpit digital display
shows driving information. The central MMI touchscreen displays climate
controls set to 20.0 degrees Celsius. Brushed aluminum pedals are
visible in the footwell. A red accent strip crosses the dashboard.
Final wide shot returns to the exterior. The white Q3 Sportback TFSI e
sits poised in the architectural setting. Dappled sunlight filters
through leaves. The vehicle's dynamic proportions and premium details
complete the exterior walkaround presentation.